blow me down because it helped to raise
or see like he likes his marmalade I
have a feeling he'll go far dear Aunt
Lucy
wife in London has been better than ever
I really feel at home if you had one was
tonight what would it be
I'd like to get my Aunt Lucy a birthday
present off-road pop-up book of London
the only problem is it's rather
expensive where on earth did you find
this mr. Gruber's antique shop cheerio
we're rich again afternoon chaps I may
look like a hardened criminal but I
really AM minister perfect you're gonna
clear your name you're gonna need her
help
having just made such sweet friends I'm
in
what a clever little bit come back with
that box
Paddington looks for the good in all of
us and somehow he finds it if we're kind
and polite the world will be right
Paddington
oh that's not good rated PG